docs: switch gpt-image-1 references to gpt-image-2 in docs and examples (#14684)
vercel/ai: content/providers/01-ai-sdk-providers/03-openai.mdx

### Image Editing

> OpenAI's `gpt-image-2` model supports powerful image editing capabilities. Pass input images via `prompt.images` to transform, combine, or edit existing images.

Author: ```suggestion
OpenAI's `gpt-image-*` models support powerful image editing capabilities. Pass input images via `prompt.images` to transform, combine, or edit existing images.
```

#### Multi-Image Combining

> Combine multiple reference images into a single output. `gpt-image-2` supports up to 16 input images:

Author: ```suggestion
Combine multiple reference images into a single output. `gpt-image-1` supports up to 16 input images:
```

Need to confirm limit for `gpt-image-2`

<Note>
  Input images can be provided as `Buffer`, `ArrayBuffer`, `Uint8Array`, or

>   base64-encoded strings. For `gpt-image-2`, each image should be a `png`,

Author: ```suggestion
  base64-encoded strings. For `gpt-image-*` models, each image should be a `png`,
```

Need to confirm for gpt-image-2, but assume the same applies.

  `webp`, or `jpg` file less than 50MB.
</Note>

### Model Capabilities

| Model              | Sizes                           |
| ------------------ | ------------------------------- |
| `gpt-image-2`      | 1024x1024, 1536x1024, 1024x1536 |
| `gpt-image-1.5`    | 1024x1024, 1536x1024, 1024x1536 |
| `gpt-image-1-mini` | 1024x1024, 1536x1024, 1024x1536 |
| `gpt-image-1`      | 1024x1024, 1536x1024, 1024x1536 |
| `dall-e-3`         | 1024x1024, 1792x1024, 1024x1792 |
| `dall-e-2`         | 256x256, 512x512, 1024x1024     |

> You can pass optional `providerOptions` to the image model. These are prone to change by OpenAI and are model dependent. For example, the `gpt-image-2` model supports the `quality` option:

Author: ```suggestion
You can pass optional `providerOptions` to the image model. These are prone to change by OpenAI and are model dependent. For example, the `gpt-image-*` models support the `quality` option:
```
